typo (#1707)
carpentries/instructor-training: episodes/06-feedback.md

The survey links above are only for you to preview the survey as part of
Instructor Training. When you are teaching a workshop, make sure to share the

> link that gets generated on your workshop website. Doing so will ensure that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
links that get generated on your workshop website. Doing so will ensure that
```

There are 2 links generated (pre and post) on the website, but this is a good catch that the words still didn't agree on singular/plural.
